hello and welcome to the ribs
armor to talk about this beautiful vegetables
what is broccoli
it seems that the climate of the region
Paimpolaise and the only ones are
particularly favorable to its culture
and to tell us about it and well it's
exactly one of the broccoli producers
begging the company to provide who will be able
to entrust us with his production secrets
hello patrick hello gilly hello
so here we are in the middle of
harvest yes we are in full period there
for harvesting broccoli from
spring so I let myself be told
that this region around paimpol
concentrated most of the production
broccoli in which I suppose our
climates the soil allows this culture
promotes this culture there we have a
temperate climate on the serghini sector
very hot gel here do not have more than
a few days a year sometimes
yet we might think
finally the north coast of brittany
in any case this part is rather
to protect from bad weather she is
protected from winter weather
makes the proximity of the gulf stream this
hot current who precisely to whom comes
warm the east and the edge band
coastal so little amplitude termist
that one of the temperatures that go down
not too low in winter and that do not show
not too summer either summer remains
it can rarely exceed 25 degrees
is his broccoli farts fits well
adapt well
it's temperature said me we talk about
climate but is not that the customer there is
the soil at the site
so here we are on limons
wind who have excellent fertility
that allows us to cultivate
naturally plants like the
broccoli so what period does this
sowing what period is that
you remember well recognized the
broccoli there are two two campaigns the
spring season whose flanders
during the month of April and we harvest them
from June 20 to July 20, so about
three months
it's just 90 days of culture
between them twenty ten days this is so
that the very fast and tell you about
two seasons so you replanted after
there is the autumn season, that is to say
we're going to replant but in others
ground or a rotation history where we go
we replant in the month of July to
harvest in the month of October then you
do not have an interesting thing the
rotation
that is, we can not cultivate
two times in a row the same field with
broccoli agronomically it can
always change culture and we have to
better culture this way
okay so I understood how that
is grown and but I would like
know how it is collected since we
is in full and very strong that one
go see my wife marie yvonne
so the harvest is done by hand the
harvest is done manually there is a
size to respect which is between 15
and 18 cm and for that there is no such
that the hand of the man that one can
estimate the need to cut it or not
this for now
what is the variety of broccoli that
you cultivate one cultivates the parthenon that
this is the parthenon why this
variety because we are looking for
broccoli they can go up to 800
grams
and especially it's a variety that has a
very fine grain and that is excellent in
bush
OK, it's true that he is very pretty
and as you say I guess it's
a sign of quality to have
well- green and well-sealed grains and the
finesse the bug of the gringo of the
quality and well done because I know
that it's work to get that I
please thank you now we will
meet jérôme not network that is
agronomist who will enlighten us on the
ground treatment traceability
product and nutritional value
of this package hello jérôme julie days
so inevitably when we consume
vegetables one wonders how
these vegetables are they treated protect
as for the bad ones
herbs
We use age-purpose techniques
and hoeing that prevent
the use of protective products
then only manual treatments
and mechanics
no we can also used
chemical treatments but for that
we use products that are
certified in organic farming
okay so that's one we could say
reasoned agriculture is this
then we have almost a traceability
complete patrick provides us with broccoli
for that we have a plot we
have codified his parcel and when the
patrick's product comes in to be sure
I have them well the carrier gives the
code of his parcel that allows us
to have a traceability to the field
and we will also follow through
cultural son all applications
all the tillage all the
mechanical means to use patrick
throughout his culture
you never let go of this little broccoli
we laugh a lot
how long of time I guess
flows between the moment when the vegetable and
harvested now and the moment she
is sure I have on average we are
between 4 and 8 hours between the moment
he leaves the field and the moment he is
frozen at -18 yes so that's really
cooler what would I do more
fresh and then the last thing that
I'm interested in it's value
product nutrition because I have
always heard that all of
crucifiers besides soul and in
especially broccoli and is very good
for health
so our goal through the
deep freezing is to fix the whole
nutritional qualities of broccoli
especially vitamins including
vitamins vitamin c vitamin b9 and
preserve all the fiber aspect that is
also very important on broccoli
so finally if I understood correctly
to get the best broccoli ya
many factors but the main ones
it's still the choice of the variety
the perfect stage of harvest to follow
every day so here it's really
the farmer and finally the time that
flows between the harvest and the
freezing which must be the shortest
possible
thank you very much managed to silabu julie
and I must say that I do not regret my
trip because not only have I
learned a lot
I suppose too but in addition we have
a beautiful view they are lucky
his broccoli a little field